The Joe Rogan experience. So here we are about to see, uh, Josie, Aldo,
and a Yon.
Now what's interesting about this fight is people think of all though,
as being done, some people do,
but although it was only 33, make sure that's correct.
Either 32 or 33, he might be 32.
Like he's not old,
but he burst onto the scene when 33 that's crazy, man.
I mean, he's as prime, all those in his prime and in my opinion,
he beat Marlon Mariah's. He lost a decision. The UFC agrees with that opinion,
which is why he's fighting pewter Yon for the title and not Marlon Moraes.
That's a very rare time where someone loses a fight and then gets a fight for
the title. And everybody agrees. And this is where it's at right now. I mean,
people, people saw that fight and they're like, yeah, I think he,
I think you want, let them fight for the title. And so as soon as Henry,
so Hutto stepped down Henry. So Huda's trying to fight that Ryan Garcia guy,
that boxer no is Ryan Garcia is like,
he's the latest, really popular up and coming young boxer.
He's ridiculously fast. No, no, no, no lightweight.
1 35. He's got a car. You got the
stomach here. Is that Logan Paul, Jake, Paul, let me see it.
Oh my God. He hit him right in the solar plexus.
And God has been doing it my way. He let him go punch him or excuse me in Ghana.
Let him punch him with a, a body shield on. And he got, he didn't even feel it.
But then in Ghana started letting big people punch him with nobody shield.
Thank God. It was so big, man. He's scary as hell.
He's the scariest guy of all time in terms of like overall physical
danger that you're in. Whenever he swinging there is no,
one's scary that in Ghana, I'll never forget being there when he knocked, uh,
Alistair. Overeem yeah, that was insane.
You should have been there for the last one. W why is that swinging? Jamie?
What happened? We have ghosts in here. No, it's just loose.
I had it barely hanging on the, um, the last one, when he knocked out John Xeno,
Rosen strike, there was no one in the audience.
So it was one of those apex fights. So, uh,
and they did it right in front of us.
Like he charged him and just hit him with this left hook and then Rosen
strike drops. And then he pounds them out while he's he was already out cold.
And he hits him with these two big bombs. So you hear them? I mean,
both of them are 2 65 and they just collided was there out.
So it's Jody just see him. Yeah. I, I love that.
That was present. I brought in what is,
what is outsourced send sent me an email. They went through, uh,
they were moving a house.
They ripped up the carpet and underneath they found the plank. What does it say?
So they took, oh, quick. I was ready to drop a loon,
you know, meet Jamie. Oh, rude. I'm like,
I don't understand what's going on here. I just looked over. He was sniffing.
What was ever,
you were already on like second base with the quail roots over there. Yeah.
I never know. I know he has like scientists. Come on.
Maybe some guys brought him a old way loop. I wouldn't take him through those.
You would have to drive a male. [inaudible]
I'm really happy to drive you home. Oh, I will eat whatever you want.
I'll drive you home. I would have eaten to lose. Leave your car in the garage.
We'll have your car parked in the wall. Um, so here's the thing about Aldo too.
I'll tell you. It's a struggle to make 75 or excuse me, to make 45.
Cause he used to walk around like 170 pounds. He was big and um,
he just really had a hard time, many times making the weight and suffered.
But then when he went down to 1 35,
he got a nutritionist for the first time in his career.
And now he has zero problem getting to 1 35,
his cut to 1 35 is way easier than it's cut to 45. He said,
which is crazy when she levels the same tremendous.
His last fight with Marlin. Mariah was just attacking the entire time.
Just running him down at attacking.
This is the way you should have been at his whole career.
He should have been at 1 35, his whole career.
And he can win a belt here for the first time since Connor knocked him out. Huh?
Oh yes. Well, he won a belt.
He won the interim featherweight title, um,
after Connor and he lost it to max Holloway. I think that's true. Right?
99% positive. That's true. I think he, he beat,
I forget who he beat, but he knocked out, um,
Jeremy Stevens, he knocked out hen natto, Moya Kano,
and both of those guys are big, powerful 40 fibers.
And he just decided to try to fight at 35.
And he looked better at 35 than ever.
Like a lot of times when a guy later in his career,
when they cut weight sort of a last ditch effort and you start thinking, man,
this guy's in trouble.
This guy's got that Chernobyl power behind him right here,
born at down the river. How dare you? Nuclear power.
Pretty sure he trains in Thailand. I think he's a, uh, uh,
poo cat top team guy. I want to do that.
One day was, uh, I had Hannibal on the other day.
Hannibal is such an interesting guy. And one of the things he did,
he took a whole month off by himself and just went to Thailand and train only
Thai, not even like doesn't even have experience in it.
It's not like did his whole life. He always wanted to be a tie boxer.
I thought it'd be fun to train and live in Thailand for a month. Nope.
Just decided to go, went to Thailand, train there.
And I just happened to be in Thailand at the same time with my family.
So he came up from, I think he was in Bangkok.
He came up to Chiang Mai where we were at and hung out with us.
We had dinner and shot the shadows or what are you doing out here, man?
He's like, I'm training boy, Ty. He's an interesting guy.
You know what he's doing now? He's going to Ghana. It's going to live in Ghana.
I go for how long?
Because I don't know a few months it's gonna up and live. And I mean,
no wife, no kids do whatever the he wants. He has real estate.
He's made investments has got money. That's great. It's great.
It's it's exciting. Uh, I like when someone lives like that, he's like, it.
I'm going to live in Ghana. There's a reason why he picked Ghana.
He's from Ghana, his, his,
he did his ancestry test and his on his father's side. Um,
a lot of it's from Ghana and you know, he felt like, Hey man,
what a great way to get material in? What a great experience.
Just a little life experience to go there and live there. But also, I mean,
imagine how much material he's going to get living in Africa for three months.
So gala Africa, not where Jim Jones. That's Guyana.
That's south America. Yeah. That's south America. Yeah.
You don't want to go down there. That place is probably still, you know,
from that until the bad,
bad voodoo in the air from that you ever watch that documentary and watch
it. I loved it. Remember I was a kid,
like I went to my mother's bar and they had the congressmen.
They had the whole thing and watched it. And then years later, you know,
you read it, you know, Hollywood, whatever,
to this day they said don't drink the Kool-Aid don't drink the Kool. Yeah.
Meanwhile, do you know?
It wasn't even Kool-Aid it was like a cheaper version of a, of like,
you know, some punch mix, maybe a little cooler too.
Maybe they did have something. Okay. He was doing drill test.
He was making him do before I just watched something recently during the
quarter. Yeah.
That's the scary part of that documentary to me where those morning
announcements he'd make on the PA system.
He used to say whatever creepy he was shooting.
I wasn't sleeping days.
He was a meth addict back in the seventies that strong greener on an
island.
Like the hell's angels sold that that came in chunk Diana's on an island.
Oh, it's fine. No, no. Where he was, where was this? In south America.
And it's just it's it's the country. It's part of something.
I don't think Guyana is an island.
I'm 99% sure that Guyana an island.
I think it's just a, it's a country in south America where he set up his cult.
I think they felt like they were being persecuted in the United States,
which they always are because it's always the same story.
One guy winds up stealing all the money. everybody's woman. What is it? Yeah.
It's just a part of a south America. You went in San Francisco as a child.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's crazy. Yeah.
I remember it being in the news. John, I remember in Jonestown was when I got,
I remember Waco way more than that. Waco was not,
but Waco was the first one looking at all those dead people, man.
Isn't that crazy? Oh, that's what's so crazy. They're all just lying.
They're poisoned.
So scan that poison doesn't work as good as everybody thinks it. It does. Oh no.
It takes a little time. Yeah. And. It's pure poison.
Ooh. Ooh. This is a fight.
This is a great fight.
Cause this is like the big test for yawn and for all dope, man,
you want to talk about dudes been around the block.
You can't fight a more experienced guy in world-class competition than Josie
Aldo. He's about as experienced as they get.
What's interesting about all though, is he was the best kicker.
Like he would vest like people's legs. He almost never kicks anymore.
Almost never kicks. Now he just concentrates almost entirely on his boxing.
If you watch him find out, it's very rare that he throws a kick. Very rare.
It used to be like you would shop with those leg kicks, man. I mean,
it was like the most important part of his game because he would hit you with
one. Like when he fought Uriah favor,
I mean he hit your Uriah favorite with the first leg kick and Uriah was done.
It was just a matter of time. And now, although very rarely throws kicks.
And I really want to ask, get someone like a translator and ask him why,
but I don't want to tell anybody, you know, I'll tell them like,
just tell me and I won't tell anybody. I just want it. I mean, is it an injury?
Like what is it? Cause it might be, it might be like his knees up.
He can't kick anymore. Cause all these guys, you know,
he's been in the sport forever. And then before that he was, uh,
he was a high level, Brazilian jujitsu, black belt been training forever. Right?
He's got to have some serious, serious injuries. He played soccer. Yeah.
Soccer guys all have up knees.
Soccer is like one of the best ways to tear your ACL.
Those guys tear their ACL holes like, oh.
Y'all just hit him with a big right hand.
The thing about this at this weight class though. Oh,
there's a kick at this weight class. Although is so durable.
He's so strong because he's used to fighting those 40 fibers. Oh.
He got cracked. Oh my God. Yon is so sharp.
But look, although can take it at 35.
Cause he's used to getting hit with like Connor, big, 40 fibers. You know,
he's used to getting hit with, you know, [inaudible] went up to lightweight.
The guy's got a scar on his face. Joe. He's used to getting something. Yeah.
You think he fell on a barbecue grill when he was a kid? Oh again.
He's back to kick in dude. He can only take so many of those.
Oh this is heating up quick. Oh my goodness.
This is good. Right away. Yon switches,
stances. He's very clever. He's setting up traps.
He also doesn't want that left leg out front because if all though keeps kicking
at it, you know,
everybody was always wondering like when all those gonna return with his leg
kicks because they were the thing that everybody avoided forever.
And you see, look,
he throws to with this fight and both of them spin yarn around
those guys that come from that soccer background, man.
They can kick the amount of leg strength you have. And like you're,
you're used to whipping your legs around. Oh, we looked for one there.
He almost spun himself around him.
Oh. Yon goes up high sneaky. Well,
although got hit with a high switch kick right now and Mariah's in,
in their fight in the first round,
Mariah's throws that he throws his a really sneaky, left switch,
kick to the head. It's like a whip, another kick by Aldo. I like it.
Although back to kick-in landing that straight left too.
Hmm. Throwing a lot of kicks. I like it. That's that that's a lot to me.
That means a lot because that means he's got all the weapons.
Cause when he's just tracking guys down and try to throw bombs on them with the
punches, I feel like it's just not the same guy.
It's not as versatile. You don't have as many things to think about.
Like when he was in the WEC, he uh,
opened up in this fight with Cub Swanson,
with a flying knee and knocked him out.
And the first few seconds of the fight was wild. There he goes again. See,
he's spinning him around with that kick. When all dog kicks your legs, man,
it takes a lot of movement away.
It a lot of things up in fighters because they have to think about that now.
And this is only the first round.
This is a five rounder because it's a title fight.
All those keeps chopping at that leg. And I hope he does. Ooh.
Yarn with a big kick to the body. Oh, I'll do with the shot. Look at that trip.
Get some down. Oh,
big shot by Yon. Oh my goodness.
Let's see Dawn. What's that ref doing? Oh. Oh. Look at that.
Yon is mean he's mean he doesn't want uh, uh,
although with his fingers inside the gloves, that's what's going on.
You you're not allowed to. Oh, he got hit with a big shot there. Oh, he's hurt.
He's hurt. Real the body. Real bad.
Real bad to the body. He just break his sternum. No,
he got hit with a liver shot, man. He can't get up right now. He can't get up.
He's got to kind of take this yawns him up, man. Wow.
That's the end of the round. He got hurt real bad with a body shot. Real bad.
See that redness around the right side of his body. That's where your liver is.
You could see when he got hit, he covered up and winced.
I hope they show that in the replay. Yeah. Looked higher up to me,
but maybe I just missed it. No, I went, he hit him right in the body.
Okay. You know Joe, whether he's 32 or 33, he's gone through some wars.
He's definitely gone through some wars, but was, it was interesting.
It's all through that. Right-hand boom. It was a, his movement. Look at that.
Spun around with that low kick.
It was his movement like hyper come to the body and the left hook,
his movement that caused that wound up being on his back. See, this is the end,
but this is not what caused the body shot. I want to see the bodies.
So look at these big bombs getting hit with though.
My God Yon is hitting them with some big shots.
They didn't show the body shot on the ground. Yeah. Unfortunately,
but now Yon is fired up coming into the second round.
But it was all though trying to take him down that, that up for him.
All right. Let's see what happens now.
Okay. Both guys assuming like a Muay Thai stance. Look at that. Yeah.
John's getting that left leg up so it doesn't get kicked.
Well that's Thai style, you know, that's uh, that light front leg.
It's also, you could throw a teat from there. Throw that inside leg kick.
He's ready to chat. They're both doing that. So they're both,
they're both Thai style, right? No.
Oh, kicked him with it already.
Just a few of those man and your legs Ville and all those already hit him.
Oh two in a row. All those starting to light it up. I'll see stances.
And then he goes to the botch. Oh. Oh.
Oh see, that's what I saw too. It looked high up.
What looked high up that punch Stephen Thompson just tweeted that he thinks
josé's uh, rib is broken. Might've been too. It was way up there.
And he grabbed his chest like that.
It looked horribly painful to get a guy to grab his chest or a rib or
something is where your liver is. See where my hand is. Yeah.
And your liver is big. You, liver is a big target. It's like quite a large,
large patch that you could really someone up. And when you get hit there,
it's the weirdest feeling, man. Everything goes like this
freezes and some can suck it up and make it look like nothing.
But most of the time when you get hit there, your body just kind of seizes up.
It's very rare that a guy can play that off. Oh,
I'll they'll just hit him with a liver shot. Woo.
Although hit him with a good left hand deliver there.
He switched stances again, left, laid forward, and then immediately chops at it.
Dan, this is like the Aldo of old.
Oh good. Right-hand to the body by Yon, Tim, this fight is good. Oh, he's,
he's kicking it up in the air every time that leg. Oh,
now he's attaching the inside of the right leg. Yawns leg is in trouble.
That left leg is in real trouble already. Oh, look at that. He kicks out.
Oh, front leg side. Kick to the thigh.
Yon is really strong. Like you can see it when he,
when he clinches up with dudes, he's just one of those guys is very,
very physically strong
and he's mean, you know,
there's like extra meanness that some guys have and John's got that.
this is good. Okay. Russians are wild, man.
I just watched this all over stone interview thing.
You ever see that on Showtime Oliver, stone interviews, Putin.
No five part series.
I stumbled across it because I watched another crazy documentary on Showtime.
Oh God. What's their new one called where the,
about the kid that gets a it's brand new. It's crazy.
It's about a high school football player that gets accused of
being a pedophile of sexually abusing a child.
And it turns out he was completely wrongfully convicted. Oh no.
Yup.
For years he was in prison while the other guy went on to do it to more people.
Yup. The outcry outcry. It was unreal.
What happens to a guy like that? They have to pay him. And if,
how much did he pay the guy? Yeah. How much can you pay him?
I remember if they even give out the actual payment, but I mean, w you,
you changed his life. Oh yeah. There's no number you could ever put on that.
Right. Did someone lie on the witness stand? Like what?
Why did they convict him so crazy? Don't tell me.
Okay. I'll watch it. Yeah. It's well worth not knowing this.
The most kicks I've ever seen all though, throw in recent years.
Look at that. He goes, hi. Oh. He you on up. John's in trouble.
John's in trouble here. Hurt him there. With that combination,
the kick to the body.
Look at that left hook to the body, man. It's only recently.
He's only recently filed a lawsuit. So, oh,
only recently he hasn't been paid yet. Yeah. Oh, poor guy.
Imagine you have to get a job after that. Their whole,
have you been in jail for you? Not only that, but it was pretty,
he had a full scholarship for football and he was bad-ass football player,
full scholarship. And he,
his plan was to be in the NFL and he probably would have been able to do it when
they show you the clips of him as a Texas high school football player.
And he's just a star athlete, collapsing, crushing quarterbacks.
And how old is he now? Ah, man,
I think he spent three or four years in prison. Right? Something like that.
At least two. And he had to sign up, you know, they have,
they do the whole thing liver right to the liver. I missed it.
It was a hundred percent of the liver. Yeah. They just showed it.
This is um,
I can't imagine being wrongly accused,
thrown in jail. Well, you know what?
It happens a lot guys. Yeah. It happens a lot.
Especially when you have a public defender's office ambling
that because the case is so overloaded, they just cut deals.
They just cut deals. You're basically a piece of meat. Right? And you,
you imagine if you're a public defender and guys are lying to you all the time
and you don't know who's innocent and who's not,
everybody's saying there's no budget. There's no,
I don't have a budget to hire an investigator to go talk to the people was at
night when you're, uh, you know,
there's so many different obstacles you have, you know,
when I got sentenced, I got sentenced with an attorney. You know,
it was a big difference than going in there with a public defendant to big
difference in not paying that guy has got 80 people. He's got to take care of.
He's just in business, a cotton cotton, you out of, uh, oh,
cutting the deal. Two big shots of the body from all dough.
Although it looks good. We're in the third here.
He had that one moment in the first where Yon hit him with that big body shot.
Oh, without dough.
And Yon is forced to switch stances, yawns fight in south pond.
Now because all those guys, his left leg all up,
he's got two more rounds to work on that right leg. He's in there.
Now he's throwing kicks with the, uh, left leg,
but he's going to try to chop out that, that right leg as well. Oh,
good shot with the left leg.
This is a good fight, man. This is a very good fight.
And this is the first time Jaan um, has had to fight five rounds in the UFC.
If I, if I'm correct, all those done it. Many times
it's been at least scheduled for multiple, multiple five round fights.
All of his championship fights. I mean,
think about how many fights this guys fought and went five round fights went.
Oh, good shot to the body by Aldo back when he wasn't cutting weight correctly
either. Oh. Although it looks good.
Oh, nasty left to the liver. Digging to that. Liver is in trouble.
Yon is in trouble. Oh, look at that.
Yarn comes back with the left kick.
His left leg is chewed up and now he's just using it as a weapon.
Oh wow. Oh my God.
This is although of old kid. Oh to the body.
God. Oh my God. He heard him with that left hook to the body.
And now Yon is standing Orthodox again.
He's hit a nerve. Tremendous look at that left leg. Look at yawns,
left calf cl red. It is and swollen. Look at it. When, when they'll show it,
if they give you a side angle, look at his left calf. It's up, man. It's up
all though. Just needs a couple of shots on that. Ooh.
See now y'all oh, we hit it again.
Every time Jaan is throwing a punch, it's gonna,
it's going to be like 35% less powerful because of that leg, his leg just,
he can't generate power off that left leg
mean he could do it a little bit, but it's gonna,
he's gonna be missing something.
God. It's a good fight.
It's crazy that Aldo drops down to 35 and just like becomes
a reinvented fighter. Unbelievable.
And then when you find out it's really only 33, like what? Wow.
He's been around forever. Oh, I mean, he's been a world champion forever
first ever featherweight champion in the WEC for the first ever featherweight
champion in the UFC. I mean, when they instituted the weight class,
he was the guy, they brought him over from the WC again,
that left hook to the liver. Woo he's hit that spot so many times.
He likes that combination. What they call the Duchy.
It's a left hook to the liver and the right leg kick.
That's like a Nesto huge special,
woo. Look at this. Oh my God. These guys are bagging.
This tremendous. This is a fast paced too, man.
That's the crazy thing about Aldo going into 35 that he said, oh, beautiful,
spinning, beautiful, beautiful. He caught him resting.
That's the thing about Yon, man. He's so clever. He's filled with so many.
He's got so many techniques again. Oh my God. Get out of there.
Left hook to the liver by Aldo and a counter shot to the head by yawn. Oh,
oh my God. Knee up the middle by Aldo.
Whew. Oh, nice. Elbow off the brake by Yon.
Aldo keeps giving the last minute of these rounds to him, man.
This is crazy, right? This is a crazy fight.
Who,
I don't know if that's the right mentality when the round for the first four
minutes and give him one minute, right? No,
I know it's not a mentality. It's just, he's just getting,
this is just a really close fight. Oh. And then he worked for the spin there.
I watched the best breakdown of all Lee Frazier,
a guy that went back and looked through all the interviews of both of them and
tells you how they're feeling in between each round and everything on YouTube.
So cool.
I think he's telling you at one point, like at the end of this round Muhammad,
Ali said, this is the closest to death he's ever felt.
And it's just the end around 11 around 12 or something.
I think that was rumble in the jungle run. Yeah. Yeah.
Thrilling Thrilla in Manila.
No Thrilla in Manila was in the Philippines.
Which one was the thrill in Manila was Joe was rumble in the
jungle. Ali and fray or a foreman. Yeah. Right. Okay.
Yeah. This one was Frazier out later. They don't do that anymore.
It was like names. That was the festival Thrilla in Manila.
You know what I mean? Vegetable. Do you know that? A festival? Oh,
that's why James Brown. No, that was the, that was a year. Right? Zaire.
That's what that was. That's right. That was the foreman fight.
That was the first form of Ali, right? Yeah, I believe so.
That was the one where James Brown came out and put on a concert and his Phoebe
king insane. Jamie king play too. Oh, wow.
Wasn't James Brown at the beginning of one of the Rockies too. Yeah. Yeah.
And Apollo Creed's dancing. Three, three, no, no,
you're right. It was Russia, right? It was when, uh, he was trying to go.
Right? Three, three is three Zaire in 74.
That's rumbling and jungle concerts from motorway.
Don king. Part of the build-up for the Ali foreman fight. Wow.
God bill, bill Withers.
I got the YouTube. It's on YouTube. Brilliant. Oh,
he's destroys the place on my guitar.
Troy's the place where the acoustic guitar. I played bill Withers the other day,
while I was working out. Put some, put some used me on, oh man,
you got to check out his live at radio city music hall. Oh,
what he does live is so crazy. Especially with that song with, uh,
use fight, man. Cause he uses the crowd.
Like an instrument uses their claps and everything.
He,
he keeps looking for that left hook to the body and then Yon counters with that
right hook to the head. Oh, elbow over the top.
What? A fight.
Oh nice. Neat of the body.
She'll go to the list of dog. He's at home. Well at swimming today, we hung out.
Had a good time. He goes swimming in like your pool. Yeah. With the dog. Nice.
He loves it, man.
I jumped in the police like yippee and he jumped in afterwards. That's so cool.
Well, he's a golden retriever. They they're, you know,
they're duck hunting dogs.
They're retrievers like they're the sweetest kindest dogs.
But like they were developed to hunt birds. Really pretty sure.
Oh, look at that. Went for the trip.
All those a little tired here.
It's these moments where one guy needs to catch a breath and the other guy
doesn't a lot of things can change and happen in those moments.
But John is still being forced to fight from that south pole stance
that opens up a lot of though. It opens up power kicks from both guys.
Cause the body's open. Oh, Yom with a good combination.
But all those so good with that. Right?
Low kick to the Orthodox opponent.
That's like such a big weapon for him that when someone fights him south paw,
they kind of changes that. Oh,
Yon with the trumping knee attempt.
Wow. Aldo has landed more significant strikes already in this fight
than any other fight than any other fight. Yeah. It said his personal best. Wow.
That's crazy. Six landed coming, looking at me. He's so strong.
See all those trying to take a little breather here,
catch his breath and Yon senses it. He's coming on. Strong.
One thing that although has had a problem with in the past is when guys pressure
him, he has had problems maintaining the stamina.
And that's what max hallway did to him in both fights,
particularly in the second fight.
Cause although fights in such an explosive way,
that when you explode like that and dig in with big shots,
you're like sprinting and you need some, you need a break. Whereas max Holloway,
everything like pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. He puts that pace on you.
And that's what he did to Aldo. And um, Yon is doing it to him right now.
As long as all those leading,
like he was leading in the mall and Mariah's fight. He never got tired,
but he's not being. And Yon is pressure. That is not good. It's not good.
This is not good. But it's great for yawn. He's going to beat him up.
This might be it. This might be it. There's a whole minute to go.
He's trying to grab the wrist. You just use just risk control, but that's hard.
Oh, Yon goes right over through with the knee.
That's gonna allow him to hit some big shots.
1 54 significant totals.
Total strikes 156,
significant 146 rather significant strikes. That's crazy.
These guys are throwing bombs, man. Oh. Big elbow.
Over the top 30 seconds to go. Can he survive?
It just takes a few big shots from here. Look at him. He's looking,
he's looking. He's going to try to throw those legs to the side.
He just doesn't know which way to go.
And Aldo is not, he's not a big threat with submissions off of his back,
especially not now. Why is that? It's not weird for a Brazilian like that. Well,
I mean, it's just never been his forte. He's never really, uh,
in my recollection ever really submitted anybody with like an arm bar or
anything off the back. He's when he's on his back,
he's just kind of hanging on and holding on.
Although he does have great Brazilian jujitsu skills, he's never been like a,
a guard specialist. His nose is up.
That's a great school that he came from right with Novo and y'all yeah. Top,
top of fight. One of the very best and uh, Andre pet naris.
Who's his head instructor. That's the guy in front of him. Not,
not the UFC cutbacks. There's another guy. Not that guy that he's,
he, you can't see him on camera. Okay. Panera is, is uh,
a real veteran. I mean he was around the old school valley Tuto days. See,
look at this, look at that counter.
So all those looking for the left hook to the body and Jaan is waiting for him
to throw it. And then he immediately counters like that. Jab. Ooh,
he's so good at fighting from this position, man. That's such a,
a big plus that he can fight so good from a south pole position as
well. Because even though his left calf is up,
he basically took leg kicks out of the equation by switching stances because
although is not having nearly as much success with that right leg kick to the
right front leg as he was to the left front leg.
Is this the fifth and final round? Oh.
I wonder who this is a great fight tale. It's always a good sign.
When they're hugging at the start of the day, [inaudible] look how much energy.
Oh, stunned.
Well, this could be it. This could be it. This could be it. Uh, man, this is it.
This is it. This is it. He's. Oh,
passing over. He's gonna say he's gonna,
he's gonna get him a crucifix and smash him. No
man.
So y'all was trying to slide that arm down to lock up the right arm,
slide his knee across and lock up the right arm. All those,
although Kenyan defend themselves and that's where he's at right now.
Full crucifix. I think his right leg is trapped in the middle of the half guard,
but still might as well be a crucifix.
That right arm was just totally taken out of the game.
So he's got no defense at all on his right side right now. Get through.
He just he's using that leg to pin it down. Although almost looks like it.
Almost recaptured guard there. Nope.
Although his grabbing the fence with his toes and they're saying the referee's
telling them not to do that. It's interesting.
Oh man. Yeah. He's now bad. He just has to get that leg free.
If he gets his leg free, it's a full crucifix,
but he keeps getting to that spot.
Oh elbow. Holy.
Now he's taking his back. Oh, that's it. It's over. It's over right now.
It is over man. It is over. It's over. Oh,
that elbow busted him. Yeah. He's he's just, can't take it anymore.
He's basically just hanging on here. That was a big elbow.
Look at all the blood man.
Oh my God. Look at his face dude. Yon is no Juliet hammering him. This is it.
Stop this fight. Stop the fight. Stop it. Stop the fight. Stop it.
You're fine. that.
Poor out though. Fights over. Not to hit him there.
You see that referee up bad spot. Oh God. Come on man. Stop the fight.
He's not doing anything. He's just covering up.
Oh my God. Uh.
He's not defending himself. I don't know why they're not stopping this fight.
This fight already. Please, please stop. Come on.
They would have stopped this fight in many other cases.
Look at how much blood is on that canvas where his head is. That's nuts, man.
But now Yon has punched himself out. Look at this.
He's got to take a little break and he's got two minutes to go though. Yeah,
but I'm not going anywhere. No, he's losing blood by the minute yet.
Look at that puddle in front of his face.
Obviously fight island is not New York city.
These are different rules out there. What do you mean? I mean,
I just feel like every time I've watched fights in New York,
it seems like they're always stopped very quickly. And clearly
I don't give a. They're not stopped until night comes out. Come on.
He's getting again with
[inaudible] Christ.
Thank you for all of those are going to have a headache for three weeks.
Oh yeah. At least. Yeah. Necessarily.
There's no, no reason he had to take all those shots. No, no, no.
You know a, guy's got to do something to improve his position.
Just sitting there like that covering up and just getting hammered in the head.
It's not enough basically.
Like you're getting punished for not going unconscious. That's a good point.
pewter Yon is no joke. I made some big acid adjustments,
switch stances, smashed him. And when he got on top on the ground,
you see how strong is. That's what I was talking about.
Like how physically strong he is.
Like although has always been very good off his back defensively.
He's always been able to hold on. Boom. Look at that. Bang.
Dig into the body. Look at that. Drops him with the uppercut. man.
I mean, and the prolong beat him beating.
He gave him in that fifth and final round. That was a prolonged beating
that referee had five bucks on Alto.
If that's all it takes. Imagine if that was all,
it takes five bucks and you let a guy get beat to death. I have $5.